07-TRAEFIK-DDNS-TLS/README.MD, before:

# Allow HTTPS traffic to your Traefik deployment

Documentation: 

- [Traefik: Let's Encrypt](https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/https/acme/)

- [Cert Manager: DNS Validation](https://cert-manager.io/docs/tutorials/acme/dns-validation/)

- [How to set up DNS records for your domain in a Cloudflare account](https://www.namecheap.com/support/knowledgebase/article.aspx/9607/2210/how-to-set-up-dns-records-for-your-domain-in-a-cloudflare-account/)
    
- [Cloudflare: Manage DNS records](https://developers.cloudflare.com/dns/manage-dns-records/how-to/create-dns-records/)

YouTube Videos: 

- [SSL Certificates Made EASY With Traefik Proxy, Clouflare, and Let's Encrypt - Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XH9XgiVM_z4)

- [DDNS on a Raspberry Pi using the Cloudflare API (Dynamic DNS)](https://youtu.be/rI-XxnyWFnM?si=wAw5iDKA4pNoabVZ)


## File's replacement summary

- renew_ip_cloudflare.sh
    - Replace all the authentication parameters 

- [01-cert-manager-cloudflare-credentials.yaml](01-cert-manager-cloudflare-credentials.yaml)
    - Replace `<your_cloudflare_email>`
    - Replace `<your_cloudflare_api_key>`

- [02-cluster-issuer-DNS-Challenge-staging.yaml](02-cluster-issuer-DNS-Challenge-staging.yaml)
    - Replace `<your_email>`
    - Replace `<your_domain>`

- [test-traefik-certificate-DNS-staging.yaml](test-traefik-certificate-DNS-staging.yaml)
    - Replace `<your_domain>`

- [03-cluster-issuer-DNS-Challenge-prod.yaml](03-cluster-issuer-DNS-Challenge-prod.yaml)
    - Replace `<your_email>`
    - Replace `<your_domain>`

- [04-traefik-certificate-DNS-prod.yaml](04-traefik-certificate-DNS-prod.yaml)
    - Replace `<your_domain>`

- [05-traefik-values-DNS-Challange.yaml](05-traefik-values-DNS-Challange.yaml)
    - Replace `<your_email>`
    - Replace `<your_domain>`

## Prerequisites
- A running Kubernetes cluster 1.2++
- A NFS server with a NFS provisioner chart installed and working.
- `kubectl` command-line tool configured to interact with your cluster
- `helm` command-line tool installed on your local machine version 3.9+


## Introduction

Let's Encrypt has two ways to complete a challange: TLS challenge (ports forwarded required) or DNS challenge (you simply need API access to your DNS provider).

In a DNS challange what Let's Encrypt does is login to CloudFlare with your credentials (Email and API Key), and create a temporary record. then, when Let's Encrypt find the record in the domain, it confirms you own the domain. This verifies your identify and provides a valid certificate.


## Set up a Dynamic DNS records for your domain (i.e. NameCheap) in a Cloudflare account

- Login to your CloudFlare account [Cloudflare Dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login), and select **Add a domain**. Depending on your site setup, you may want to adjust the proxy status for certain A, AAAA, or CNAME records.

    <img src="images/image-43.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>

    <img src="images/image-44.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>

- Once you have added a domain (also known as a zone) to Cloudflare, that domain will receive two assigned authoritative nameservers. Before your domain can begin using Cloudflare for DNS resolution, you need to add these nameservers at your registrar.

    <img src="images/image-45.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>

- Login to your NameCheap account [NameCheap](https://ap.www.namecheap.com/), go to Dashboard and click on the link to **Manage** your domain. 

- Adjust your **NameServers** settings to point to the to Cloudflare nameservers.

    <img src="images/image-46.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>

- Disable DNSSEC.

    <img src="images/image-47.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>


### Create API Key in Cloudflare

- Create a Cloudflare API token for use in cert-manager. Create and verify the domain you want to create an SSL certificate. 

    Documentation: [Lego > DNS Providers > Cloudflare](https://go-acme.github.io/lego/dns/cloudflare/)

    - Go to [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) > [My Profile](https://dash.cloudflare.com/profile) (Right top corner) > API Tokens. 
    
        <img src="images/image-06.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>

    - Click Create Token button selecting the "Edit Zone DNS" option.

        <img src="images/image-07.png" alt="drawing" width="700"/>

    - Then, fill Permission section form below.

        <img src="images/image-08.png" alt="drawing" width="700"/>

    - Take note of the API Token generated.

        <img src="images/image-09.png" alt="drawing" width="700"/>


## Create a DNS record in Cloudflare for your Trafik Server

- Back in CloudFlare, create a DNS record to point to a false public IP address. We'll update that later.

    > Note: 
    >
    > The Proxy status of a DNS record affects how Cloudflare treats incoming traffic to that record. Cloudflare recommends enabling our proxy for all A, AAAA, and CNAME records that are used for serving web traffic.

    <img src="images/image-48.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>

- Wait about a minute, and try to resolve the name on your laptop

    ```sh
    dig homelab-traefik.<your_domain> 8.8.8.8
    ```
    <img src="images/image-49.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>

- In the CloudFlare Dashboard, you'll find your ZoneID and Account ID. Take note of those values

    <img src="images/image-50.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>

Now, we'll set up an script on any of your linux servers on your homelab, to automatically update your public IP address on your DNS record.

- Download the script from here: [cloudflare-ddns-updater](https://github.com/K0p1-Git/cloudflare-ddns-updater). We'll need the script `cloudflare-template.sh`.
    ```sh
    sudo su - 
    vi renew_ip_cloudflare.sh
    # Copy the content of the file
    ```

- Then change the following parameters, save the file and close it.

    - `auth_email` The email used to login to Cloudflare
    - `auth_method` Leave the default token value
    - `auth_key` API Key set up previusly
    - `zone_identifier` Value from the Overview page of the CloudFlare Dahsboard
    - `record_name` Fully qualified name, i.e. homelab.<yourdomain>.dev

    <img src="images/image-51.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>

- Change the script permissions.
    ```sh
    chmod +x renew_ip_cloudflare.sh
    ```

- Excute the script, and make sure it updates the DNS record in Cloudflare. 
    ```sh
    ./renew_ip_cloudflare.sh
    ```
    <img src="images/image-52.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>


- Schedule a crontab job to run this script every night at 12:10 am.
    ```sh
    crontab -e
    # Enter this line
    0 * * * * /root/renew_ip_cloudflare.sh >> /var/log/renew_ip_cloudflare.log 2>&1
    # Save an exit
    # Then restart the crontab service
    systemctl restart cron
    ```

## Allow HTTPS traffic to your Traefik Server

- Login to your home router, and enable DMZ. Specify the local IP address (MetlaLB) assigned to your Traefik deployment.

    <img src="images/image-55.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>

- Port forwarding allows remote computers to connect to a specific computer or service within a private local area network (LAN). Add the HTTPS traffic and port TCP/443 for the IP address assigned to your Traefik deployment.

    <img src="images/image-56.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>

- You don't have do enable DDNS, as the script disacribed below will take care of it.

    <img src="images/image-57.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>

- Try to access your Traefik dashboard. [https://homelab-traefik.<your_domain>.dev/](https://homelab-traefik.<your_domain>.dev/). This attemp won't be able to open the dashboard, as we need to set up the TLS certificate.

    <img src="images/image-58.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>


## Deploying Certificate Manager with DNS Challange

- Create the Cloudflare credentials using this file [01-cert-manager-cloudflare-credentials.yaml](01-cert-manager-cloudflare-credentials.yaml). This time the credentials will be stored in the `cert-manager` namespace.

    > ⚠️ **Warning**: 
    > 
    > You should replace this email address and API key with your own, on the traefik-credentials yaml file.

    ```sh
    code 01-cert-manager-cloudflare-credentials.yaml
    # Replace the email address and API Key with your own.
    kubectl apply -f 01-cert-manager-cloudflare-credentials.yaml
    kubectl describe secrets cloudflare-credentials -n cert-manager
    ```
     <img src="images/image-61.png" alt="drawing" width="700"/>

- Create a **Staging ClusterIssuer**, using this file [02-cluster-issuer-DNS-Challenge-staging.yaml](02-cluster-issuer-DNS-Challenge-staging.yaml)

    The Cluster Issuer will create a Secret defined as `dns-challenge-acme-staging`. The Secret will be used to store the account's private key.

    Start with the ACME staging server, as if the production environment is abused, your IP address may be banned for a few days after several failed attempts.

    > ⚠️ **Warning**: 
    >
    > You should replace this email address and domain with your own.
    >
    > Let's Encrypt will use this to contact you about expiring certificates, and issues related to your account.

    ```sh
    code 02-cluster-issuer-DNS-Challenge-staging.yaml
    # Replace the email address and domain with your own.

    kubectl apply -f 02-cluster-issuer-DNS-Challenge-staging.yaml
    kubectl get secrets -n cert-manager
    ```

- Confirm the Cluster Issuer was created successfully.
    ```sh
    kubectl get pods -A | grep cert-manager
    kubectl logs cert-manager-<tab> -n cert-manager --tail 100 -f
    ```
     <img src="images/image-62.png" alt="drawing" width="1100"/>

- Additonally, create a **Production ClusterIssuer**, using this file [03-cluster-issuer-DNS-Challenge-prod.yaml](03-cluster-issuer-DNS-Challenge-prod.yaml)

    The Cluster Issuer will create a Secret defined as `dns-challenge-acme-prod`. The Secret will be used to store the account's private key.

    ```sh
    code 03-cluster-issuer-DNS-Challenge-prod.yaml
    # Replace the email address and domain with your own.

    kubectl apply -f 03-cluster-issuer-DNS-Challenge-prod.yaml
    kubectl get secrets -n cert-manager

    kubectl get pods -A | grep cert-manager
    kubectl logs cert-manager-<tab> -n cert-manager --tail 100 -f
    ```

- Create a new **Staging*** certificate using this file [test-traefik-certificate-DNS-staging.yaml](test-traefik-certificate-DNS-staging.yaml).

    > ⚠️ **Warning**: 
    >
    > You should replace this domain with your own.

    ```sh
    kubectl apply -f test-traefik-certificate-DNS-staging.yaml
    ```

- Then confirm the events on the certificate recently created, to confirm this was successfull. The produce a valit certificate by Let's Encrypt may take a few minutes.

    ```sh
    watch kubectl describe certificates mydomain-wildcard-cluster-cert-staging -n traefik
    ```
    <img src="images/image-63.png" alt="drawing" width="1100"/>

- You can also inspect the certificate produced

    ```sh
    kubectl get secret mydomain-wildcard-cluster-cert-staging-tls -n traefik -o jsonpath='{.data.tls\.crt}' | base64 -d | openssl x509 -text
    ```
    <img src="images/image-64.png" alt="drawing" width="1100"/>

- You can delete the Let's Encrypt **Staging*** certificate.

    ```sh
    kubectl delete -f test-traefik-certificate-DNS-staging.yaml
    ```

- Create a new **Production** certificate using this file [04-traefik-certificate-DNS-prod.yaml](04-traefik-certificate-DNS-prod.yaml).

    > ⚠️ **Warning**: 
    >
    > You should replace this domain with your own.

    ```sh
    kubectl apply -f 04-traefik-certificate-DNS-prod.yaml

    watch kubectl describe certificates mydomain-wildcard-cluster-cert-prod -n traefik

    kubectl get secret mydomain-wildcard-cluster-cert-prod-tls -n traefik -o jsonpath='{.data.tls\.crt}' | base64 -d | openssl x509 -text
    ```

    <img src="images/image-65.png" alt="drawing" width="1100"/>


## Update the Traefik deployment with a valid TLS certificate

- Make a copy of the Traefik Values file, or use this file [05-traefik-values-DNS-Challange.yaml](05-traefik-values-DNS-Challange.yaml), and modify the following entries in the configuration.

    > ⚠️ **Warning**: You should enter your own domain name, on the traefik-custom-values yaml file.

    - `ingressRoute.matchRule: Host(`homelab-traefik.<your_domain>`)`

    - `ingressRoute.dashboard.tls.secretName: mydomain-wildcard-cluster-cert-prod-tls`

    <img src="images/image-66.png" alt="drawing" width="1100"/>

    - `ports.web.websecure.tls.enabled: true`

    - `ports.web.websecure.tls.secretName: mydomain-wildcard-cluster-cert-prod-tls`

    <img src="images/image-67.png" alt="drawing" width="1100"/>

-  Upgrade the Traefik helm chart.
    ```sh
    helm upgrade traefik traefik/traefik --namespace traefik --values=05-traefik-values-DNS-Challange.yaml
    ```

- Confirm the IngressRoute has been modified
    ```sh
    kubectl describe ingressroute traefik-dashboard -n traefik
    ```
    <img src="images/image-68.png" alt="drawing" width="1100"/>

- Then open a browser and navigate to [https://homelab-traefik.<your_domain>/](https://homelab-traefik.<your_domain>/). Inspect the certificate and confirm it's valid.

    <img src="images/image-69.png" alt="drawing" width="900"/>

Commit message:

wildcard certificate changed and teleport started

07-TRAEFIK-DDNS-TLS/README.MD, after:

# Allow HTTPS traffic to your Traefik deployment

Documentation: 

- [Traefik: Let's Encrypt](https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/https/acme/)

- [Cert Manager: DNS Validation](https://cert-manager.io/docs/tutorials/acme/dns-validation/)

- [How to set up DNS records for your domain in a Cloudflare account](https://www.namecheap.com/support/knowledgebase/article.aspx/9607/2210/how-to-set-up-dns-records-for-your-domain-in-a-cloudflare-account/)
    
- [Cloudflare: Manage DNS records](https://developers.cloudflare.com/dns/manage-dns-records/how-to/create-dns-records/)

YouTube Videos: 

- [SSL Certificates Made EASY With Traefik Proxy, Clouflare, and Let's Encrypt - Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XH9XgiVM_z4)

- [DDNS on a Raspberry Pi using the Cloudflare API (Dynamic DNS)](https://youtu.be/rI-XxnyWFnM?si=wAw5iDKA4pNoabVZ)


## File's replacement summary

- renew_ip_cloudflare.sh
    - Replace all the authentication parameters 

- [01-cert-manager-cloudflare-credentials.yaml](01-cert-manager-cloudflare-credentials.yaml)
    - Replace `<your_cloudflare_email>`
    - Replace `<your_cloudflare_api_key>`

- [02-cluster-issuer-DNS-Challenge-staging.yaml](02-cluster-issuer-DNS-Challenge-staging.yaml)
    - Replace `<your_email>`
    - Replace `<your_domain>`

- [test-traefik-certificate-DNS-staging.yaml](test-traefik-certificate-DNS-staging.yaml)
    - Replace `<your_domain>`

- [03-cluster-issuer-DNS-Challenge-prod.yaml](03-cluster-issuer-DNS-Challenge-prod.yaml)
    - Replace `<your_email>`
    - Replace `<your_domain>`

- [04-traefik-certificate-DNS-prod.yaml](04-traefik-certificate-DNS-prod.yaml)
    - Replace `<your_domain>`

- [05-traefik-values-DNS-Challange.yaml](05-traefik-values-DNS-Challange.yaml)
    - Replace `<your_email>`
    - Replace `<your_domain>`

## Prerequisites
- A running Kubernetes cluster 1.2++
- A NFS server with a NFS provisioner chart installed and working.
- A registered domain name
- `kubectl` command-line tool configured to interact with your cluster
- `helm` command-line tool installed on your local machine version 3.9+


## Introduction

Let's Encrypt has two ways to complete a challange: TLS challenge (ports forwarded required) or DNS challenge (you simply need API access to your DNS provider).

In a DNS challange what Let's Encrypt does is login to CloudFlare with your credentials (Email and API Key), and create a temporary record. then, when Let's Encrypt find the record in the domain, it confirms you own the domain. This verifies your identify and provides a valid certificate.


## Set up a Dynamic DNS records for your domain (i.e. NameCheap) in a Cloudflare account

- Login to your CloudFlare account [Cloudflare Dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login), and select **Add a domain**. Depending on your site setup, you may want to adjust the proxy status for certain A, AAAA, or CNAME records.

    <img src="images/image-43.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>

    <img src="images/image-44.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>

- Once you have added a domain (also known as a zone) to Cloudflare, that domain will receive two assigned authoritative nameservers. Before your domain can begin using Cloudflare for DNS resolution, you need to add these nameservers at your registrar.

    <img src="images/image-45.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>

- Login to your NameCheap account [NameCheap](https://ap.www.namecheap.com/), go to Dashboard and click on the link to **Manage** your domain. 

- Adjust your **NameServers** settings to point to the to Cloudflare nameservers.

    <img src="images/image-46.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>

- Disable DNSSEC.

    <img src="images/image-47.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>


### Create API Key in Cloudflare

- Create a Cloudflare API token for use in cert-manager. Create and verify the domain you want to create an SSL certificate. 

    Documentation: [Lego > DNS Providers > Cloudflare](https://go-acme.github.io/lego/dns/cloudflare/)

    - Go to [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) > [My Profile](https://dash.cloudflare.com/profile) (Right top corner) > API Tokens. 
    
        <img src="images/image-06.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>

    - Click Create Token button selecting the "Edit Zone DNS" option.

        <img src="images/image-07.png" alt="drawing" width="700"/>

    - Then, fill Permission section form below.

        <img src="images/image-08.png" alt="drawing" width="700"/>

    - Take note of the API Token generated.

        <img src="images/image-09.png" alt="drawing" width="700"/>


## Create a DNS record in Cloudflare for your Trafik Server

- Back in CloudFlare, create a DNS record to point to a false public IP address. We'll update that later.

    > Note: 
    >
    > The Proxy status of a DNS record affects how Cloudflare treats incoming traffic to that record. Cloudflare recommends enabling our proxy for all A, AAAA, and CNAME records that are used for serving web traffic.

    <img src="images/image-48.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>

- Wait about a minute, and try to resolve the name on your laptop

    ```sh
    dig homelab-traefik.<your_domain> 8.8.8.8
    ```
    <img src="images/image-49.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>

- In the CloudFlare Dashboard, you'll find your ZoneID and Account ID. Take note of those values

    <img src="images/image-50.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>

Now, we'll set up an script on any of your linux servers on your homelab, to automatically update your public IP address on your DNS record.

- Download the script from here: [cloudflare-ddns-updater](https://github.com/K0p1-Git/cloudflare-ddns-updater). We'll need the script `cloudflare-template.sh`.
    ```sh
    sudo su - 
    vi renew_ip_cloudflare.sh
    # Copy the content of the file
    ```

- Then change the following parameters, save the file and close it.

    - `auth_email` The email used to login to Cloudflare
    - `auth_method` Leave the default token value
    - `auth_key` API Key set up previusly
    - `zone_identifier` Value from the Overview page of the CloudFlare Dahsboard
    - `record_name` Fully qualified name, i.e. homelab.<yourdomain>.dev

    <img src="images/image-51.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>

- Change the script permissions.
    ```sh
    chmod +x renew_ip_cloudflare.sh
    ```

- Excute the script, and make sure it updates the DNS record in Cloudflare. 
    ```sh
    ./renew_ip_cloudflare.sh
    ```
    <img src="images/image-52.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>


- Schedule a crontab job to run this script every night at 12:10 am.
    ```sh
    crontab -e
    # Enter this line
    0 * * * * /root/renew_ip_cloudflare.sh >> /var/log/renew_ip_cloudflare.log 2>&1
    # Save an exit
    # Then restart the crontab service
    systemctl restart cron
    ```

## Allow HTTPS traffic to your Traefik Server

- Login to your home router, and enable DMZ. Specify the local IP address (MetlaLB) assigned to your Traefik deployment.

    <img src="images/image-55.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>

- Port forwarding allows remote computers to connect to a specific computer or service within a private local area network (LAN). Add the HTTPS traffic and port TCP/443 for the IP address assigned to your Traefik deployment.

    <img src="images/image-56.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>

- You don't have do enable DDNS, as the script disacribed below will take care of it.

    <img src="images/image-57.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>

- Try to access your Traefik dashboard. [https://homelab-traefik.<your_domain>.dev/](https://homelab-traefik.<your_domain>.dev/). This attemp won't be able to open the dashboard, as we need to set up the TLS certificate.

    <img src="images/image-58.png" alt="drawing" width="1000"/>


## Deploying Certificate Manager with DNS Challange

- Create the Cloudflare credentials using this file [01-cert-manager-cloudflare-credentials.yaml](01-cert-manager-cloudflare-credentials.yaml). This time the credentials will be stored in the `cert-manager` namespace.

    > ⚠️ **Warning**: 
    > 
    > You should replace this email address and API key with your own, on the traefik-credentials yaml file.

    ```sh
    code 01-cert-manager-cloudflare-credentials.yaml
    # Replace the email address and API Key with your own.
    kubectl apply -f 01-cert-manager-cloudflare-credentials.yaml
    kubectl describe secrets cloudflare-credentials -n cert-manager
    ```
     <img src="images/image-61.png" alt="drawing" width="700"/>

- Create a **Staging ClusterIssuer**, using this file [02-cluster-issuer-DNS-Challenge-staging.yaml](02-cluster-issuer-DNS-Challenge-staging.yaml)

    The Cluster Issuer will create a Secret defined as `dns-challenge-acme-staging`. The Secret will be used to store the account's private key.

    Start with the ACME staging server, as if the production environment is abused, your IP address may be banned for a few days after several failed attempts.

    > ⚠️ **Warning**: 
    >
    > You should replace this email address and domain with your own.
    >
    > Let's Encrypt will use this to contact you about expiring certificates, and issues related to your account.

    ```sh
    code 02-cluster-issuer-DNS-Challenge-staging.yaml
    # Replace the email address and domain with your own.

    kubectl apply -f 02-cluster-issuer-DNS-Challenge-staging.yaml
    kubectl get secrets -n cert-manager
    ```

- Confirm the Cluster Issuer was created successfully.
    ```sh
    kubectl get pods -A | grep cert-manager
    kubectl logs cert-manager-<tab> -n cert-manager --tail 100 -f
    ```
     <img src="images/image-62.png" alt="drawing" width="1100"/>

- Additonally, create a **Production ClusterIssuer**, using this file [03-cluster-issuer-DNS-Challenge-prod.yaml](03-cluster-issuer-DNS-Challenge-prod.yaml)

    The Cluster Issuer will create a Secret defined as `dns-challenge-acme-prod`. The Secret will be used to store the account's private key.

    ```sh
    code 03-cluster-issuer-DNS-Challenge-prod.yaml
    # Replace the email address and domain with your own.

    kubectl apply -f 03-cluster-issuer-DNS-Challenge-prod.yaml
    kubectl get secrets -n cert-manager

    kubectl get pods -A | grep cert-manager
    kubectl logs cert-manager-<tab> -n cert-manager --tail 100 -f
    ```

- Create a new **Staging*** certificate using this file [test-traefik-certificate-DNS-staging.yaml](test-traefik-certificate-DNS-staging.yaml).

    > ⚠️ **Warning**: 
    >
    > You should replace this domain with your own.

    ```sh
    code test-traefik-certificate-DNS-staging.yaml
    # Replace the email address and domain with your own.

    kubectl apply -f test-traefik-certificate-DNS-staging.yaml
    ```

- Then confirm the events on the certificate recently created, to confirm this was successfull. 

    > Note: To produce a valid certificate, by Let's Encrypt may take a **few minutes**.

    ```sh
    watch kubectl describe certificates mydomain-wildcard-cluster-cert-staging -n traefik
    ```
    <img src="images/image-63.png" alt="drawing" width="1100"/>

- You can also inspect the certificate produced

    ```sh
    kubectl get secret mydomain-wildcard-cluster-cert-staging-tls -n traefik -o jsonpath='{.data.tls\.crt}' | base64 -d | openssl x509 -text
    ```
    <img src="images/image-64.png" alt="drawing" width="1100"/>

- You can delete the Let's Encrypt **Staging*** certificate.

    ```sh
    kubectl delete -f test-traefik-certificate-DNS-staging.yaml
    kubectl delete secret mydomain-wildcard-cluster-cert-staging-tls -n traefik
    ```

- Create a new **Production** certificate using this file [04-traefik-certificate-DNS-prod.yaml](04-traefik-certificate-DNS-prod.yaml).

    > ⚠️ **Warning**: 
    >
    > You should replace this domain with your own.

    ```sh
    kubectl apply -f 04-traefik-certificate-DNS-prod.yaml

    watch kubectl describe certificates mydomain-wildcard-cluster-cert-prod -n traefik

    kubectl get secret mydomain-wildcard-cluster-cert-prod-tls -n traefik -o jsonpath='{.data.tls\.crt}' | base64 -d | openssl x509 -text
    ```

    <img src="images/image-65.png" alt="drawing" width="1100"/>


## Update the Traefik deployment with a valid TLS certificate

- Make a copy of the Traefik Values file, or use this file [05-traefik-values-DNS-Challange.yaml](05-traefik-values-DNS-Challange.yaml), and modify the following entries in the configuration.

    > ⚠️ **Warning**: You should enter your own domain name, on the traefik-custom-values yaml file.

    - `ingressRoute.matchRule: Host(`homelab-traefik.<your_domain>`)`

    - `ingressRoute.dashboard.tls.secretName: mydomain-wildcard-cluster-cert-prod-tls`

    <img src="images/image-66.png" alt="drawing" width="1100"/>

    - `ports.web.websecure.tls.enabled: true`

    - `ports.web.websecure.tls.secretName: mydomain-wildcard-cluster-cert-prod-tls`

    <img src="images/image-67.png" alt="drawing" width="1100"/>

-  Upgrade the Traefik helm chart.
    ```sh
    helm upgrade traefik traefik/traefik --namespace traefik --values=05-traefik-values-DNS-Challange.yaml
    ```

- Confirm the IngressRoute has been modified
    ```sh
    kubectl describe ingressroute traefik-dashboard -n traefik
    ```
    <img src="images/image-68.png" alt="drawing" width="1100"/>

- Then open a browser and navigate to [https://homelab-traefik.<your_domain>/](https://homelab-traefik.<your_domain>/). Inspect the certificate and confirm it's valid.

    <img src="images/image-69.png" alt="drawing" width="900"/>
